(July 10th, 2017. Gimpo International Airport.)
Choerry: Hello
HaSeul: Where are we going?
LOOΠΔ: Jeju Island!
(Do you remember that Kim lip really wanted to go to Jeju Island?)
Kim Lip: I like Jeju as well. Jeju Island.
Kim Lip: Promise me you will take us to Jeju island!
Kim Lip: What is Jeju known for?
HaSeul: Jeju is known for tangerine.
HaSeul: And black pig....!
Kim Lip: Black pig?
Kim Lip: Jeju is famous for foods only?
Kim Lip: Let's tell what do you want to do in Jeju.
JinSoul: I want to ride a horse!
Choerry: I want to go to Hello Kitty museum.
Kim Lip: I want to pick tangerines~
YeoJin: I want to ride a horse, too!
HaSeul: I want to lie down on the green grassland on this rainy day!
LOOΠΔ: Come visit Jeju Island!
JinSoul: Like honorary ambassadors for Jeju!
Kim Lip: (With a serious face) Don't you see the horse riding scene in the MV script?
(They're fooling the new member!)
HaSeul: I think she didn't read the script properly.
Choerry: It wasn't in the script book!
YeoJin: No. I saw it in the book! The horse was white!
JinSoul: So I told that I want to ride a horse.
Choerry: Oh, I didn't know.
(Now even YeoJin knows how to fool a new member)
Choerry: Oh my gosh!
'Didn't you really know there's the horse riding scene?'
Choery: I didn't know!
Choeery: I didn't see that on the script.
Choerry: But I think riding a horse will be super fun!
JinSoul: She can't ride!
Kim Lip: She can't!
HaSeul: (Just kidding) She's a fool~
(Let's go to Jeju Island to ride a horse!)